last night I'm sure we talked about a
new survey that claims that women are
more prone to displays of road rage than
men female drivers are more likely to
give the finger and they're more likely
to curse while their children are in the
car now I don't know if I believe that
but I don't I don't think most mothers
curse in front of their kids but just in
case I decided to conduct my own survey
I sent a camera crew out onto Hollywood
Boulevard to ask young kids what is the
worst thing you ever heard mommy say
kids are usually pretty honest about
these things so well let's find out what
they had to share what's the worst thing
you've ever heard your mommy say when
she's mad ceiling fan D that's pretty
bad
who was she calling stupid hmm what's
the worst bad thing your mommy's ever
said guys we're trying to have a
conversation here will you please be
quiet does mommy ever yell yeah what did
she say when she yells no no grace
what's the worst thing your mommy's ever
yelled when she's mad say mean words CJ
she can't paint what is the worst thing
you've heard your mommy say serious all
I can think of really absolute monster
[Music]
so mad that she uses a bad word in front
of you yes but what make me effort some
time in it probably all of them are down
the last eight years
what are they like the f-word you want
me shame
[Applause]
[Music]